Address a few more quality scale rules for SMLIGHT (#38469)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/smlight.markdown

This integration follows standard integration removal. No extra steps are required.

{% include integrations/remove_device_service.md %}

## Known Limitations

Certain advanced features are not supported directly within this integration and must be configured through the SLZB device's web UI:

> - Switching the firmware update channel (e.g., stable or development).
> - Changing firmware modes (e.g., Zigbee coordinator, Zigbee router, or OpenThread).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Switching the firmware update channel (for example, stable or development).
- Changing firmware modes (for example, Zigbee coordinator, Zigbee router, or OpenThread).
```
